BZ1889217: Run PVs on master nodes (#36654)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-local-tolerations.adoc

<4> The volume mode, either `Filesystem` or `Block`, defining the type of the local volumes.
<5> The path containing a list of local storage devices to choose from.

> . Optional: To create local persistent volumes (PVs) on only tainted nodes, modify the YAML file and add the `LocalVolume` spec, as shown in the following example:

Reviewer: Since you're not referring to persistent volumes again in this module, you don't need `(PVs)`.

Author: Acked

<4> The volume mode, either `Filesystem` or `Block`, defining the type of the local volumes.
<5> The path containing a list of local storage devices to choose from.

[NOTE]
====

> To create local PVs on master nodes, modify the YAML file and add the `LocalVolume` spec, as shown in the following example:

Reviewer 2: Should define "PVs" here, as it's the first time this acronym appears in this module.

Author: Addressed the change.

> To create local persistent volumes (PV)s on master nodes, modify the YAML file and add the `LocalVolume` spec, as shown in the following example:

Reviewer 3: Is this to create a PV on any control plane nodes or just tainted ones? Why is this a note instead of an optional step?

Do you mean:

```suggestion
To create local persistent volumes (PV)s on only control plane nodes, modify the YAML file and add the `LocalVolume` spec, as shown in the following example:
```

Author: This is to create (PV)s on tainted nodes.

Author: Incorporated the suggested change.

Reviewer 2: Since I'm still subscribed to this PR, one quick suggestion!

`(PV)s` -> `(PVs)` or rewrite so that you can use the singular "persistent volume" on the first mention.

Author: Acked. I went with `(PVs)`.
